---
layout: post
title: "Black Friday Sale Is Here: Get 2 Months For FREE (2023)"
category: [News]
tags: [Black Friday]
author: Germán
image: /assets/img/black-friday-2023/cover.webp
hidden: true
sitemap: false
---

Are you ready to snag the deal of the year? This Black Friday, and for a limited time, get 2 MONTHS FREE (15% OFF) when pre-purchasing 1 year of AwardFares Gold or Diamond<sup>1</sup>. This deal is for EVERYONE — whether you're new to the AwardFares fam, or you've been with us since day one.

But hurry — like all good things, this deal won't last forever. Grab it before it flies away on **December 1st, 2023!** (23:59 CET).

<div data-countdown="2023-12-01T22:59:00.000+02:00">
  BLACK FRIDAY SALE (UNTIL)
</div>

Happy travels and happy savings!

Your AwardFares Team

P.S. Don't forget to share this deal with your travel buddies — everyone deserves a little Black Friday magic!

## Why To Upgrade? 5 Reasons Why You Need AwardFares

- **Easy-Peasy Searching:** Our user-friendly interface makes finding your next adventure as easy as pie. It works great on mobile, perfect for scoring awards on-the-go!
- **Endless Award Flight Options:** Imagine having the power to find the best award flights faster than you can say "Bon Voyage!". AwardFares searches across multiple dates and frequent flyer programs **in just seconds**, and with just a few clicks.
- **Real-Time Alerts.** Get notified instantly when award seats open up. It's like having a personal travel agent in your pocket!
- **Maximize Your Miles.** We help you squeeze every bit of value out of those hard-earned miles. More bang for your buck! Plus, we teach you everything you need to know about finding good redemptions.
- **Stay Ahead of the Game.** With our insider tips and tricks, you'll be the travel guru among your friends. Our blog has all the guides and resources you need, whether you are an experienced traveler or new to the game.

Whether you're planning a dream vacation or a quick getaway, AwardFares is your go-to for making the most out of your miles. And with this Black Friday deal, there's never been a better time to upgrade!

## Not sure? Get Started For FREE

You can [try AwardFares for free](https://awardfares.com/). We are rolling out new features and improvements regularly, so [sign up for our monthly newsletter](https://awardfares.com/newsletter) to stay on top of the latest news, announcements, and pro-tips.

With our [Gold and Diamond tiers](https://awardfares.com/pricing), you can access premium features such as unlimited daily searches, alerts, seat maps, flight schedules, and more!

## Read more

Make sure to also check these posts out

- [Delta SkyMiles Award Search Now Available (New Features)](https://blog.awardfares.com/introducing-delta)
- [How To Find Cheap Award Flights And Identify Good Redemptions (Step-by-step)](https://blog.awardfares.com/how-to-find-cheap-award-flights/)
- [Seat Maps: Getting The Perfect Seat Even Before Booking](https://blog.awardfares.com/seatmaps-guide/)
- [Demystifying Award Charts: All You Need To Know (2023)](https://blog.awardfares.com/demystifying-award-charts/)
- [Ultimate Guide to Award Release Dates](https://blog.awardfares.com/ultimate-guide-to-award-release-dates)

Notes

- *(1) After one year, the subscription goes back to a regular monthly subscription.*

<script src="/assets/js/countdown.js"></script>