---
layout: post
title: "Seat Maps: Getting The Perfect Seat And Cabin For Your Award Flight"
category: [Guide]
tags: [Seat Map]
author: Germán
image: /assets/img/seat-maps/cover.webp
hidden: true
sitemap: false
---

For frequent travelers and point maximizers, AwardFares has emerged as a reliable tool to search for award availability. But its 'Seat Maps' feature is an often-overlooked gem, offering a new level of sophistication for passengers looking to optimize their flight experience. In this article, we'll delve deep into the 'Seat Maps' feature, elucidating its importance and guiding you through its utilization.

What is the 'Seat Maps' Feature?
Seat Maps is essentially an interactive representation of the seating configuration of the flight you're considering. It not only displays the available seats but also gives a vivid picture of seat types (e.g., economy, business, first class), their layout, and, in many cases, amenities associated with specific seats (like power outlets, entertainment systems, and more).

Why is the 'Seat Maps' Feature Important?
Informed Decision Making: By getting a glimpse of the seating arrangement beforehand, travelers can make informed decisions about where they'd like to sit. This is particularly crucial for long-haul flights where seat comfort and location can make or break the journey.

Maximizing Points: If you're redeeming award points, it helps to know what kind of seat and amenities you're getting in return. This ensures you're always getting the best bang for your buck (or point).

Planning with Companions: Traveling with family or friends? Seat Maps lets you choose seats together or strategically place yourselves across the cabin based on preferences.

Accessibility Needs: For passengers with special needs, pre-viewing the seating arrangement helps in picking a suitable spot, be it near the restroom or with extra legroom.

## Get started, and stay tuned.

You can [try AwardFares for free](https://awardfares.com/). We are rolling out new features and improvements regularly, so sign up for our newsletter to stay on top of the latest news, announcements, and pro tips!

## Read more

Make sure to also check these posts out

- [Introducing New Frequent Flyer Programs, Area Searches & More Exciting Features
  ](https://blog.awardfares.com/new-programs-and-features/)
- [AwardFares vs. ExpertFlyer](https://blog.awardfares.com/awardfares-vs-expertflyer/)